Add accessibility section to design system (#145)
18F/identity-style-guide: docs/accessibility/policies.md

---
[← Back to Login.gov Accessibility home]({% link accessibility.md %})

## Using decorative images

A decorative image does not add information to the content of a page. Unlike an informative image, a decorative image can be hidden from screen readers. To help prevent confusing, redundant and/or tedious experience, we at Login.gov have set decorative images to be hidden from screen readers.

Examples (See visual screenshots below):

- An icon with adjacent text
- An illustration that makes the page more attractive, but is non-essential to understanding the content
- A screenshot image with a caption

If the image is decorative, the alt attribute (sometimes referred to as "alt tag") would be empty (Example: `alt=""`), so the user knows that it is intentionally left empty. An empty alt attribute communicates that an image is decorative.

Avoid ommitting the alt attribute altogether. If the alt attribute is not used, a screen reader will read out the full filename to the user, which is not an accessible or good user experience.

If an image is informative, we add a description with a caption, alt attribute, title attribute, or aria-label attribute.

> **Example: A decorative icon with an adjacent text**
> 
> ![](/post-images/accessibility/decorative-icon.png)
> 
> **Example: A decorative illustration that makes the page more attractive**
> 
> ![](/post-images/accessibility/decorative-illustration.png)

Reviewer: We could get these images to show in Federalist preview by prepending the base URL:

```suggestion
**Example: A decorative icon with an adjacent text**

![]({{ '/post-images/accessibility/decorative-icon.png' | absolute_url }})

**Example: A decorative illustration that makes the page more attractive**

![]({{ '/post-images/accessibility/decorative-illustration.png' | absolute_url }})
```

Reviewer 2: Thank you!

Reviewer: The images still aren't showing for me in the Federalist preview, though it's not really clear why, since the URL appears to be the one I would expect it to be 🤔 

https://federalist-proxy.app.cloud.gov/site/18f/identity-style-guide/preview/18f/identity-style-guide/je-lg3156-add-accessibility/post-images/accessibility/decorative-illustration.png

Reviewer 3: I'm used it seeing `{{ 'url' | prepend: site.baseurl }}`?

Reviewer 3: Oh I think it's missing `docs/` in the path

Reviewer: > I'm used it seeing `{{ 'url' | prepend: site.baseurl }}`?

Not sure 🤷  My understanding is that older versions of Jekyll relied on the developer to do a lot of the manual labor of prepending `baseurl`, and that newer version (4+) try to handle this more automatically in most cases. As best I can tell, `relative_url` and `absolute_url` always had this behavior though.

Somewhat related: https://jekyllrb.com/news/2019/08/20/jekyll-4-0-0-released/#super-powered-content-transformations-

>The `link` and `post_url` tags no longer need `site.baseurl` prepended every time they’re used. Those tags now use our `relative_url` filter to take care of this for you.

---

> Oh I think it's missing `docs/` in the path

I wondered this, but it's a broken link also:

https://federalist-proxy.app.cloud.gov/site/18f/identity-style-guide/preview/18f/identity-style-guide/je-lg3156-add-accessibility/docs/post-images/accessibility/decorative-illustration.png

At least on my local machine, the `dist` folder structure has the image at `/post-images/accessibility/decorative-illustration.png`.

I wasn't sure if maybe the new files weren't being copied into Federalist.

Reviewer 2: `relative_url` seems to be the one. images are showing up both locally and on the preview
